contract position, blurgh.

To whom it may concern,

I am writing to apply for the advertised C++ Developer (with UNIX
experience) position. I have always maintained a strong personal
interest in Unix operating systems, which I have heavily used for both
my formal and informal education. Having recently completed my
research and development doctoral degree on the improvement of
intrusion detection and prevention technologies, I have decided that I
would like to continue my involvement in computer security at
Symantec.

I believe I match the software engineering position described on your
careers website perfectly. I have 5 years experience as lead engineer
on prototype software projects (50-60K Lines Of Code), delivering new
technologies within both university and government
environments. Additionally, involvement with commercial counterparts
has provided me with a firm understanding of commercial software
development procedures. I also have an avid interest in program
optimisation and algorithm analysis, which I have applied as part of
my PhD project.

I am an internationally published author, including two journal-level
publications for the Australian Defence Force, numerous papers on the
security of military-oriented distributed simulations, and two
significant dissertations during my university degrees. I am also
comfortable giving both educational presentations (university
lecturing) and marketing demonstrations (government grant product
delivery).

I have had a keen interest in computer security for over 10 years, and
since travelling to America, am looking forward to expanding my
horizons and making a difference in the computer security industry. I
would love the opportunity to meet and discuss what my employment can
bring to Toshiba. I have attached my resume for your consideration and
look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews