To whom it may concern,

I am writing to apply for a Software Engineering position within your
company. After appreciating and utilising impressive Google tools such
as `Scholar' and `Book' during my PhD candidature, I have decided that
I would love to be involved in the exciting future of Google, and in
the interesting challenges that await.

I believe I match the software engineer position you describe
perfectly. I work best on difficult and demanding problems which have
in the past covered a number of the areas of experience you mention
(Linux, C++, distributed systems, network programming). I graduated at
the top of my class from my Bachelor degree in 2002 (6.87/7 GPA) and my PhD
dissertation is currently under examination. My PhD topic focused on
modelling programs' (distributed simulations) behaviour for intrusion
prevention and detection.

I have admired and been amazed by Google for years from Australia, and
since travelling to America, am keen to expand my horizons and be a
part of Google's cutting-edge developments. I believe the skills in
critical analysis, motivation and self-teaching I have acquired during
my PhD candidature make me a valuable addition to Google.

I would love the opportunity to discuss my ideas for improvements to
existing Google tools as well as new developments. I attach my resume
for your consideration and look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews

To whom it may concern,

I am writing to apply for a Software Engineering position within your
company. After appreciating and utilising impressive Google tools such
as Scholar and Book during my PhD candidature, I have decided that
I would love to be involved in the exciting future of Google, and in
the interesting challenges that await.

I believe I match the software engineer position you describe
perfectly. I work best on difficult and demanding problems which have
in the past covered a number of the areas of experience you mention
(Linux, C++, distributed systems, network programming). I graduated at
the top of my class from my Bachelor degree in 2002 (6.87/7 GPA) and
have recently defended my PhD topic and submitted my dissertation. My
PhD topic focused on modelling programs' (distributed simulations)
behaviour for intrusion prevention and detection.

I have admired and been amazed by Google for years, and am keen to
expand my horizons and be a part of Google's cutting-edge
developments. I believe the skills in critical analysis, motivation
and self-teaching I have acquired during my PhD candidature make me a
valuable addition to Google.

I would love the opportunity to discuss my ideas for improvements to
existing Google tools as well as new developments.  I attach my resume
for your consideration and look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews

