Dear Ms. Gardner,

I am writing to apply for the Principal Software Engineer position
advertised on CareerBuilder.com.  I believe I am an excellent match
for this position.  I have just completed my doctoral (PhD) studies,
which has provided me with several years experience in analytical and
critical thinking, as well as excellent written communication skills.

My verbal communication skills I have developed since I was 13 when I
began taking gymnastics lessons.  Since that time I have had support
jobs, tutored and lectured for my University, delivered government
grant products to the Australian Defence force, and presented at
multiple international conferences.

I have used Linux every day for the last 5 years, for my workstation,
studies, and as part of my work experience maintaining a 6-server
small Linux network.  I completed all the C and C++ courses during my
Bachelors degree, for which I obtained consistent top marks (resulting
in a 6.87/7 GPA for this degree).  I have since been involved in
several small-to-medium C++ projects for both the industry, and the
Australian government.

During these projects I have always placed strong emphasis on correct
software engineering procedures, and good coding practices.  I have
also always maintained a keen interest in program optimisation and
efficiency which I have applied to my past projects.

I have very little experience with ARM architectures, however I am a
fast learner, and I am keen to develop and expand my areas of
expertise and experience.  I have attached my resume for your
consideration and look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews