To whom it may concern,

I am writing to apply for the advertised Security Software Engineer
position. I have always maintained a strong personal interest in
computer security, which has been a guiding force in both my formal
and informal education. Having recently completed my research and
development doctoral degree on the improvement of intrusion detection
and prevention technologies, I have decided that I would like to
continue my involvement in computer security at Linksys.

I believe I match the security position described on your careers
website. Both my honours and doctoral studies focused on computer
security, during which I familiarised myself with PKI technologies and
processes as they apply to distributed computing architectures. I have
been using the Linux operating system for development, workstation and
administration duties for 5 years. I have been involved in
medium-scale C++ software developments (50-60K Lines Of Code) with the
university and government domains.

I am an internationally published author, including two journal-level
publications for the Australian Defence Force, numerous papers on the
security of military-oriented distributed simulations, and two
significant dissertations during my university degrees. I am also
comfortable giving both educational presentations (university
lecturing) and marketing demonstrations (government grant product
delivery).

I have had a keen interest in computer security for over 10 years, and
since travelling to America, am looking forward to expanding my
horizons and making a difference in the computer industry. I would
love the opportunity to meet and discuss what my employment can bring
to Linksys. I have attached my resume for your consideration and look
forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

David Andrews